Fix badge colors (#1258)
Uninett/Argus: changelog.d/+fix-badge-colors.changed.md

> Makes the color of status-badges better and shows severity in the "primary" colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the status-badges use the same color for 'open' and 'unacked' and the same for 'closed' and 'acked'.
Show severity in the "primary" color.
```
Just because I find "better" quite ambiguous

Reviewer: Or we could even have two news fragments, one for severity and one for status badges
Or just drop the one for severity since it will be soon overridden anyway

Author: Nah, two news fragments implies there ought to have been two PRs.

Author: I heavily rewrite the changelog before releases anyway, since our changelog is meant to be prose.

Reviewer: Then I still would at least like something more descriptive than "better"
